hi I'm Ryan cooler but that doesn't
matter because you've never heard
nonetheless i am the founder of the
energy drink rehabilitation center where
we help people overcome their addiction
to energy drinks here are some people we
consider antics i just did you just
really look like the taste i can put my
leg be on my head man i gotta say i do
love the rush but just spend all my
money I you know it's like it's too much
just one stuff and now many people ask
me why would you want to help these
people specifically right well that's
simple just like many people out there
today I too was once in a hundred a
drinkin I founded the edr see in 2003 to
help people get their lives back on
track including my own of course I'm not
an addict anymore many people think
energy drink addiction does not qualify
as natural disease unfortunately those
people do not know what it's like to
experience the taste the sugar but
deliciousness the rush
the badness and the awfulness of it all
energy energy drink victims suffer from
lack of sleep rapid twitching I need to
keep that energy going such as rocking
back and forth extremely yellow girl
always being tired
lightheadedness spontaneous combustion
slow reactions sorry random is less
impulsive ideas to do crazy things here
at the energy drink rehabilitation
center we have helped many people
relinquish their energy drink addiction
so uh Leslie you want some yeah
definitely no almost there we have
helped many people in their quest to
live an energy drink free life I feel
great I can finally let the energy drink
free life I always dreamed of the eerc
really helped me out well time to go to
my new job I no longer have a drinking
problem and my financial problem has
been cured I owe it all to the edr see
if you are not satisfied with your
results not only are you totally screwed
we will send you an eight pack of
Monster energy drinks so you yes you on
your way to drinking yourself to death
again
at least nobody can take you to drive
this is rob night and I approve this
message
fine
hey just read layman's on hey hey turn
off the camera I will kick the living